He bit the train, right?
Yeah he wedded
Yeah...
Ahh...
Ahhh...  Yeah...
Yeah...
It can...
Yeah.
Yeah...
into the water yeah but then the  yeah...
Dramatic effect..   drammatic  effect...
Yeah, it's more like dramatic if they lift up and look.
Well, they sound like they're tanks attacking each other.
a little toilet thing
Yeah... I guess they want to I guess you want to see
yeah yeah yeah
At least he noticed the text.
Everyone died. I looked up that guy.
And then he's just screaming.
Yeah, that does also dramatic effect apparently. I loved it. I heard that.
That's like where they they get those like Japanese Japanese shows have that thing a lot
Yeah or like a play or something
no no no no when the guy started screaming that kind of like like
I guess you could say like overacting, but kinda.
I kind of like that. Yeah... Yeah... Yeah...
Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's more for dramatic effect.
(***)First of all, no one actually...
Kind at, but they never say anything.
because they only talk and they only use hand motion
to.
I think we're getting kind of off topic...  Yeah...
Maybe but like I used to um sound so I think that's good enough for now
Yeah...
Is that how?
I think so.
Yeah...
Fills...
Ha, ha, ha...     hmm...
He has a neighbor.
Yeah...
little girl, little girl, little girl,  I like the little
Hmmm ...   maybe like one two yeah two two and a half
Kind at... She's just walking around.
Yeah, he wanted to join that too.
Well, at least it kind of worked. I mean, it was alive at the end.
Yeah...
Maybe not, but he's in charge of the thing.
Maybe, or like, something, I don't know, but something like that.
I'll try that.
I don't know. maybe alike ... I don't know...  I think it's a simple fact of physics and stuff.
Yeah...
It was the pressure.
Yeah, I think so.
Avanti it goes to the bottom they would like um leave it
And if they didn't die, they would bring it back up again.
Yeah...
No  like that, deep sea creatures
Standard can  living under D.C. can extend lots of pressure.
So, once they go up a certain amount, the pressure
and it blows up because of the pressure, they expand
That's what happened to Godzilla
Crushing death and then many burn
Maybe 1,560 or something.